Create a command line application to print out planets that are aligned.

The application should work for an arbitrary solar system. The planets in the
solar system will be define in a configuration file with the following format,

  system:
    - name: planet-A
      theta: 0
      radius: 1
      period: 20
    - name: planet-B
      theta: 0
      radius: 5
      period: 30
    - name: planet-C
      theta: 2
      radius: 10
      period: 60

So each planet has a name, an initial angle (theta) given in radians, a radius
from the sun that it orbits, and length of time it takes to orbit the sun
(period). Assume that the orbit of each planet is a circle centered on the sun.

The position of each planet can be described by a radius and an angle. The
radius is constant, but the angle varies with time, i.e. at time 't' the angle
of a planet is given by,

  theta + 2 pi t / period

The application will not determine the alignments itself. Instead, the
application must be able to load a set of plugins at runtime that will determine
whether a particular configuration of planets is 'aligned' according to whatever
definition the plugin uses for alignment.

The application must take arguments for the configuration file, a list of
plugins to load, and the time to calculate the alignment for. For example,

  ./alignment.py --config system.yaml --plugins ~/foo.py ~/bar.py ~/baz.py --time 10

and the output will have the format,

  foo: planet-A, planet-B
  bar: planet-B, planet-C
  bar: planet-A, planet-B
  baz: planet-A, planet-B, planet-C

where the application prints out the aligned planets on a new line with the name
of the plugin that return the alignment.

The application is expected to well documented and clear. Provide explanations
for the design decisions (e.g. provide rationale for why you did or did not use
a particular package). Where there is ambiguity in the problem, state the
assumptions you used to solve it. The application should support versions 2.7.x
and 3.3.x (or greater) of python. The application should come with a simple
setup.py for installation, and an example plugin that treats planets as aligned
if they are within 5 degrees of one another relative to the sun
